(upbeat music)
- So, now it's time for our first challenge exercise
for this course.
We will use Python for this challenge.
Now here's the steps to the challenge
that I want you to execute on.
I want you to create a simple Python template.
Of course, if you want to start from scratch,
instead of using Visual Studio Code,
you're more than welcome too.
I'm going to use Visual Studio Code in my solution,
just because it's a lot easier
with Azure Serverless functions.
You're going to create a simple coin-flip program.
The purpose of this program is to take an input
for the number of flips
and to output the number of heads and the number of tails.
It's a pretty simple interview type program.
The idea being that we are going to execute it remotely,
using our Serverless function.
Again, input the number of flips,
I do want you to make sure
that you fully randomize your results.
So don't just do heads on the first, tails on the second.
Use like an odd, even scheme.
I want you to actually use randomization
to get either a zero or one, or a true or false,
or however you want to do heads and tails.
Now the output requirement,
I want you to output the total number of flips
that were requested,
then the results of the heads and the results of the tails.
That's all there is to this one.
Go ahead and jump into this challenge
and I'll be back with my solution.